I related to him a lot you know he and
it just the way he moves and how he
deals with things his level of
frustration and his ability to deal with
some things very easily which are not a
normal skillset for other people which
is taking care of business and then the
then the the the the standard ideas of
trying to take care of your household
they're a bit of a mystery to him to
women and in fact there's a third woman
in our movie really Vivi so there's
three women that he's having to kind of
negotiate around as he may as he moves
his way through this story his wife Zoe
and then Vivi
usually an action character you know
that it's pretty short on character it's
pretty short on story it's constantly
driving itself to the next car chase the
next fight the next whatever I mean I
think the good news is we have enough of
that stuff that the strength of our
piece is not I don't believe lying in
those moments
if we played it right it really can be a
little humorous and that's what we kind
of want when we're watching our movies
is that we're kind of a little tickled
by what we see you know there's you know
that there's a real interrogation going
of it he also has his daughter that can
interrupt it and and then and so yeah I
mean I you know that's that has a little
charm to it if we played it correctly
I do usually do a considerable amount of
stunt work in a movie at a certain point
of cars are driving and you can't tell
who's inside them I don't feel that
great need to do that but anytime
something's close to what has to happen
you'll usually find me in the middle of
the action
he has a great love for cinema a great
knowledge working knowledge of films
past and present and he likes to talk in
those terms and that's a vocabulary that
I understand and you know I don't know
if I understand the movies he's talking
about as much but I guess I've lived
long enough that I've seen him so he you
know it's a it's one way for us to
communicate but you know he really works
hard and he works hard at trying to make
you feel important and that's a nice
feeling especially when you're far away
from home
you know McKee has worked really hard to
make me comfortable to give me
everything I can possibly do to make
this be as good as it can be and he
doesn't just do it for me does it for
everybody which is a nice quality
with Haley who plays my daughter and
just was a really good little scene
partner you know very game really quick
to listen had her own good ideas and was
always prepared every day to work so you
know she's earning everything that she
has and she's doing it the old-fashioned
way which is just by working for it you
know there's no big entourage with her
she's with her mom she's with her
schoolteacher and she works and we were
better movie because of it and Connie
just you know it was a great great
partner a great wife in the movie and
you know very beautiful to look at and
really you know serious actress about
you know wanting to do well every day
and wanting to support not only the
director but get her own points across
and you know trying to support that and
support her and and vice versa she's
doing the same for me supporting me and
and you know working towards the good of
the movie
you know came in and played this really
we have a really very interesting part
and Vivi you know you wonder where she's
come from in a sense and and and and
really what we're dealing with is which
is an American girl who's found herself
in Paris and is really serving her own
needs and desires while she's also a
professional that's have found a place
in an organization that while she
operates in a very unusual way she's
probably very much a result she's a
result oriented person so you know it's
like having a boss where most people
disagree with how she goes about doing
something but then the boss turns around
and says yeah but does she get results
and so that's the character that you
know she's allowed these eccentricities
that are that she is you know pulls off
while she's here and so you know Amber's
you know has this obvious outward beauty
but you know there she has working very
hard to carry off this kind of exotic
bird in our movie and and and one with
you know a lot of a you know it's a very
colorful character and I think she did
really well with that